[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: You've
all heard of "Joseph
and His Technicolor Dreamcoat."
Joseph's gift was
the gift of dreaming.
The gift we're going
to share with you today
was also the gift of dreaming.
You, too, have a technicolor
dreamcoat that Connie Kaplan
calls your invisible garment.
This beautiful method of
understanding self and soul
was brought forward when
Connie was spending nearly all
of her time sleeping, which
wasn't a good thing, right.
>>CONNIE KAPLAN: Well.
>>REGINA: I mean,
it turned out--
>>KAPLAN: In
retrospect, it was fine.
>>REGINA: Yeah, in
retrospect it was fine.
But it was a challenging
time in your life.
You weren't sleeping because
you wanted to necessarily.
Let's talk about what was going
on in your life at that time.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, you know, I
was in my mid 30s, late 30s.
I had a great career, a great
marriage, wonderful child,
Saab convertible.
Everything was going well.
>>REGINA: Living it large.
>>KAPLAN: Uh huh.
Fast lane, working in
the television industry
in Los Angeles.
And one day, I woke up sick.
And I went to work
anyway because that's
what you do in television.
And by noon, I was just--
I wasn't functional.
I mean, they had to get
somebody drive me home.
So I thought, all right,
well, I've got the flu.
And that'll last for a while.
And then, well, I started on
the downward spiral, and I
just-- I lost my mind.
It's basically what happened.
Something was going on in my
brain, and I lost synapses,
you know, like, the
doorbell would ring
and I could not remember
what you were supposed to do.
Or the phone would ring,
and I could not figure out
how to get it to stop.
It was just-- I lost all
kinds of basic, you know--
>>REGINA: Cognitive skills.
>>KAPLAN: Cognitive
skills, yeah.
Um, and I just could
not stay awake,
just could not stay awake.
>>REGINA: What happened--
what did you have?
>>KAPLAN: Well, it was
not ever really diagnosed,
other than there was a
viral infection in my brain.
And that was during the
time-- that was, like,
pretty on the early end of all
those immune deficiency things,
you know.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: Ep--
Epstein-Barr and--
>>REGINA: Chronic
Fatigue Syndrome.
>>KAPLAN: Chronic Fatigue, yeah.
>>REGINA: And all that.
>>KAPLAN: Right.
And all of those were basically
blamed on the patient,
you know.
It's your fault. There's
something wrong with you.
>>REGINA: Which
they've since learned
it's an auto immune deficiency,
oftentimes virally inspired.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: So many years later,
I finally got a diagnosis
that it was a viral
infection in the brain.
But at the time,
you know, thousands
of tests, it seemed--
thousands of dollars
worth of tests, at least,
couldn't find anything wrong
with me.
So, um, the doctor finally
just said to my husband, look,
I don't know what
it is, but it's not
going to kill her so
just let her sleep.
So I did.
I slept probably like
15, 18 hours a day
for a couple of years.
>>REGINA: I have a
question at this point.
>>KAPLAN: Hm mm.
>>REGINA: OK.
We're going to be talking
about the soul in this,
and do-- this-- do you feel
in hindsight that this was
divinely orchestrated so you
could be out of your mind
and set your mind
aside for a while.
>>KAPLAN: Say-- I'm not
going to say that because I
have such an aversion to the
blame the victim mentality
thing.
I'm not going to say,
you know, the disease was
caused by something.
>>REGINA: No, I mean, do you
think it was a perfect time,
like a perfect storm, so you
could set your mind aside?
>>KAPLAN: Yes, I think that--
I think I had to go offline.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly,
that's what I'm saying.
>>KAPLAN: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: So I was
definitely offline.
>>REGINA: Offline.
>>KAPLAN: And so the first thing
that happened after I finally
woke up a little bit
was that I started
realizing that I had
learned a lot about dreaming
in the dream.
While I was asleep, teachers
had come to me again and again
and again in, you
know, dreams that would
come over and over and over.
So that was the first sort of
mystical experience that I had.
And I immediately
started teaching
what I had learned about
dreaming at that time.
But that's not what we're
here to talk about today so--
>>REGINA: Right.
So let's talk about what started
being-- coming through you,
and how your brain
started assembling it.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah, I just--
I would look at my dreams.
And for example, there
was this one woman
that would show up in
my dreams fairly often.
And she would gather a
group of women together.
And she would take
us into a cave.
And she would have us
reproduce the drawings that
were on the walls of
the cave as if we were
in one of those caves
in France, you know,
where all those
wonderful drawings are.
We would reproduce
them in some way.
And then, if she was pleased
with what we were doing,
we could take a nap.
So you get to take
a nap in a dream.
That's like a very
special thing.
And then, she would--
as we went to sleep,
she would point out the
wall-- the door of the cave,
and there would
be the full moon.
Now, I didn't realize it
while this was going on,
because I didn't connect hardly
any dots while it was going on.
But a couple years
later, I realized
she was telling us
something about the moon.
And so I looked up
on a lunar calendar
when I had those dreams.
So this woman had
come in a dream
every full moon for
13 straight months.
So I started realizing,
all right, we
need to start
looking at the lunar
influences on our dreaming, you
know, so that kind of thing.
It was just like kind of
connecting the dots in a very
nontraditional way.
>>REGINA: Then,
at some point, you
started getting a body
of information that
took a while to assimilate.
>>KAPLAN: Right.
>>REGINA: And
again, I think it's
important to point out that
you were into your Saab,
you know, your life,
your family, your work.
You were not particularly prone
toward metaphysical thought
or contemplation.
>>KAPLAN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So this is all coming
out of seemingly nowhere.
>>KAPLAN: Right.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about that.
>>KAPLAN: So I do have
to start by saying
my father was a minister.
So I did grow up in a household
where at least religion,
and to a certain extent also
spirituality, was, you know,
dominant.
I felt like I'd been
churched half to death
by the time I got to college.
So, you know, out of the
house, I kind of went wild.
And I didn't really
participate in any kind
of religious stuff between then
and when I was in my late 30s.
Um, so no, I was not in
the practice of any kind
of spiritual work really.
So now, it's a few
years after I've
been teaching this dreaming
work, and my father is dying.
And so my sisters and I
go home to be with him
during his last days.
And it turned out that I was
actually in the room with him
in his last few hours.
And I was sitting by his bed
and holding his hand and kind
of, you know, for a girl
who doesn't pray, praying,
you know, and just kind of
saying, look, he's ready to go.
Why keep pumping these lungs
and pumping this heart?
He's, you know, it's done.
And I heard the
door open behind me.
But this was, like,
just prior to dawn
so I knew it wasn't
visitors coming in.
So I thought it must have been
a nurse coming in to check
his vitals or something.
I stood up and turned around.
And there were two
angels in the room,
big, tall, backlit,
dressed sort of like John
Travolta in "Michael."
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: I love that film.
>>KAPLAN: And I knew they were
angels because of the sense
of love in the room.
It was just an
overwhelming sense of love.
And Regina, I was in
one of those moments
where you-- I didn't
believe in angels, right.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: So you've either got
to go with your experience,
and experience something that
you don't believe can happen.
Or you've got to cut
the experience off
so you can be faithful
to your belief system.
And unfortunately, most
people stay faithful
to their belief system.
But in that moment,
I was kind of too--
>>REGINA: Well,
you're vulnerable.
Your father's passing.
You're very vulnerable and open.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah.
So I kind of decided to
go with the experience
in that nanosecond.
And-- and, um, but still I was
kind of sarcastic and whatever.
And I said, why'd
you use the door.
And they go--
>>REGINA: Angels
don't need doors.
>>KAPLAN: You don't need a door.
And they said, we're here
to open all the portals.
And I kind of went, whoa.
So they talked to me
for a little while.
And they said, there's
a body of information
that we need written down.
There are things
that most people
are misunderstanding about
what the human incarnation is.
And those corrections--
those misunderstandings
need to be corrected
if the human species is
going to evolve.
And it's OK if you
don't want to evolve.
But if you're going to
evolve, a few changes
need to be made in your
understanding of why
you are embodied.
So we need you to
write this down.
Well, I was not in the
mood to become, like,
one of those people that sits on
a stage and goes into a trance
and starts-- you know, I
just, that-- I-- that wasn't
my world.
So I said, yeah, no, I don't-- I
could refer you to some people.
[LAUGHTER]
>>KAPLAN: And they
just said, uh--
>>REGINA: That's funny.
>>KAPLAN: They laughed,
and they said, do you
know who you're talking
to, negotiating here
with the angels of death
or something, right.
So I said, OK, eventually, I
said, OK, well, tell me more
about this body of information.
And so they just blasted
me or something happened.
And I suddenly found myself, my
consciousness in this dimension
that I can only describe
as sound, color, and form.
I was kind of walking through a
forest of neon geometric shapes
and hearing tones
coming out of the colors
and, um-- yeah, it was just
this amazing experience.
I knew that I was
in the place where
all the answers are, which
some people would call God.
I knew that if I could
think of a question,
it would be answered
immediately.
But when you're in the place
where all the answers are,
there aren't any questions.
So it wasn't like I
could test or, you know,
learn anything there,
except everything
seemed to have been
downloaded in those about
45 minutes that I was there.
So I kind of came back
into the room eventually.
And I said, all right,
I'll write it down but--
>>REGINA: And you came back
with structural memory?
>>KAPLAN: Uh huh.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Of all of this?
>>KAPLAN: It's kind of
like a lot of people
describe as an NDE, a
near-death experience,
where they actually go to the
other side and then come back.
But it wasn't my death.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>KAPLAN: It was somebody
else's death but whatever.
It was-- it's-- I-- I sense
a familiarity when I talk
to people that have had
NDEs, with the experience.
So anyway, I said,
I'll write it down,
but I'm not going
to tell anybody.
[LAUGHTER]
>>KAPLAN: Right.
>>REGINA: Well, I mean,
thus, here you are now.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You have not exactly
been promoting your work.
>>KAPLAN: No, I haven't.
>>REGINA: No.
>>KAPLAN: I haven't.
But that's-- they said
to me, you write it down.
We'll send you the people
that need to know it.
And so we'll take care
of that side of it.
And so--
>>REGINA: Here we are.
>>KAPLAN: Here you are.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
So let's talk about
the body of knowledge.
Before we even get into
the body of knowledge,
this whole notion that
we're unclear on the point
of our incarnations
on the planet.
Let's start there.
>>KAPLAN: OK.
>>REGINA: So they
said, well, let
me just say that over the
next three or four months
was when this body
of information
started coming through.
I would get up in the
middle of the night
and do a little writing.
It wasn't like trance writing
or anything like that.
It was just, I
knew what to write
down at 3 o'clock in
the morning, right.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: And so over
the next few months,
this body of information
had come through.
And one of the most
important parts of it
is most people think
that you're here
to do something, accomplish
something, uh, you know,
put something out
into the world,
and get money back for it.
Or some people-- most people--
most people-- a lot of people
think you're here
to learn lessons.
And a lot of people
here think you're here
to do something with karma, burn
off karma or create karma or do
something with that
reciprocity kind of energy.
And they said, no,
it's none of that.
You are here to deliver a gift.
That's all you're here to
do is to deliver the gift.
And the way you deliver
the gift is to be the gift.
The gift comes from
the level of soul.
And it doesn't come
from your willfulness.
It doesn't come from your
mental, rational mind.
It is a gift from soul that
wants to be embodied in form.
And all you have
to do is give it.
So that's kind of radical.
And it-- you know, they
emphasize that being the gift
rather than doing anything is
your reason for incarnating.
>>REGINA: Hm mm.
>>KAPLAN: So whenever I
tell people that, they go,
oh my god, I can't do that.
Because if I just be, then
I'll just sit on the couch,
and I'll never do anything,
and then, I'll be homeless.
And I'll walk around
with all my clothes
in a-- you know,
in a grocery cart.
And I'll have bad hair.
I can't do that.
>>REGINA: Yeah, right.
>>KAPLAN: That's terrible.
I won't have any money,
and I'll starve to death.
It's not that at all.
It's that if you learn to
be the gift that you are,
you're doingness shows up in
front of you and says do me.
And it's something that
is authentically yours
to do rather than
your having to make up
what you're supposed to do.
>>REGINA: And it
doesn't mean that there
aren't some basic things or
skills or things you need
to learn along the way
within the incarnation
so you are able to express this.
>>KAPLAN: Exactly,
because what-- you know,
when you take an
incarnation as a human,
then you have to
appear to be a human.
So you have this, you
have a mental body
and an emotional body
and a physical body
and an ethical body.
And all of those bodies
have to work together
to create this personality
through which the gift can
be delivered.
So those bodies are combined
in the-- most people
would call those the
ego, the ego body.
That's where free will is.
And so that's where
you can make choices.
And too often, because
of socialization,
because of our
culturalization, we
make choices that are not in
our best interest, you know,
that are not coming from an
authentic space within us.
We make willful choices
that block our own gift
from being received.
>>REGINA: See now, this is the
rub in all of it for humanity,
in general.
And I guess that's why the body
of information came through
is to start learning how to open
these channels of communication
and start allowing yourselves
to express that unique thing
that we each offer.
But when a person--
and I want to-- I
want to get your impression
on how this works.
When a person feels, because
of societal conditioning,
unable to hear their
own voice, their
own higher voice,
whisper, whatever
you want to call that,
from the soul, you do.
You have a lot of
suffering on the planet.
You have people working
as automatons almost,
just kind of getting
through the day
to pay for the rent or whatnot.
So let's talk about--
let's talk about that part
now before we go into the
rest of the system itself,
opening those means
of communication.
And then, the overlay of free
will once that's happened.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, um, it-- a lot
of it has to do with vocabulary
and how you ask
yourself the questions
about what-- about doingness,
about what you are to do.
When you look up your
principles and discover
what your invisible garment--
what your fiber-- the fiber
of your being is,
what you realize is,
I don't own these principles.
They are simply trying to
express through a personality.
So the real key is to
get out of the way.
So it's really about subtracting
rather than adding anything.
It's about learning how
to get out of the way
so that these principles can
just show up and call forth,
you know, magnetize what
your next doingness step is.
>>REGINA: And for
most people, that's
very difficult because of fear.
>>KAPLAN: Fear.
>>REGINA: All the things you
talked about right off the bat,
but A, the big F, the F word.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah, the F word.
>>REGINA: The F word, and also
all these mental constructs
of what life is supposed to look
like as you also talked about
in the very beginning.
So you have a lot
of noise happening
from the conscious mind
and from the fear factor
from the amygdala.
And you have to-- you can't
hear yourself through that.
I mean, basically, one can't
hear oneself through that.
So do you have any-- I mean,
I have a couple of things
that I resonate with.
But what are some of the
things you resonate with?
And having a person
assist themself
in getting out of their own
way so they can actually hear
their voice, their true voice.
>>KAPLAN: Well, one of the
things that you can do,
which I find very interesting
is that you could sort of look
back over your life and you
can find times when something
happened that wasn't a result--
>>REGINA: Scripted.
>>KAPLAN: That
wasn't scripted, that
wasn't a result of your willful,
you know, I'm going to do this,
and I'm going to do this,
and I'm going to do this.
So some opportunity shows
up and presents itself
because, in some moment,
all of your-- all
of your socialization,
all of your
should's, all of your
fears, have for some reason
in that moment fallen away.
And there it was.
So that's one of the things
that I tell people to do.
It's a kind of a
recapitulation process, where
you look backwards, and you mark
those times when it did happen.
And then, you memorize what
it felt like in that moment
when it did happen.
>>REGINA: Yes, the feeling.
>>KAPLAN: And what is--
because the ability to live
without fear or the ability
to at least negotiate
with the amygdala, you
can express fear only
when there's a bear behind me.
Otherwise--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: You know.
>>REGINA: We're not--
we're not living that way.
>>KAPLAN: We're not going to
sit here and make up stuff
to be afraid of anymore.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: So.
>>REGINA: Which is
essentially what
society does, which
essentially it's
programmed to do exactly that.
>>KAPLAN: What if, what
if, what if, what if.
>>REGINA: Because it
keeps you in a state
of neediness and dependency
on all systems and structures.
And so what you're talking about
is this a person breaking free
of all systems and
structures and fear itself.
And for me, I look at it
on a really simple level.
I remember when my
son was quite young,
teaching him to make
decisions under his own steam
when he was still young.
And I said, honey,
you can feel it.
You'll find a lifting or
a sinking in the stomach.
And that's how I always
explained it to him.
So when you're
contemplating something,
see how it's feeling
in your body.
And butterflies are not to
be confused with anxiety.
These are different
kinds of feelings.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, exactly.
>>REGINA: You know, you
go through what they were.
And it really is a feeling
state to feel your way
to a little more openness.
And there are 1,000
techniques to do it.
So you're saying the same thing.
You're saying, go back and do a
little forensics on your life,
find out when these things
happen, what frame of mind
was I in.
What was I thinking?
And your right on, some
of the biggest turning
points in my life happened when
my defenses were totally down.
You do-- in fact, when
you've thrown in the towel.
>>KAPLAN: Hm mm.
Yeah, you know what, I
have your chart here.
Can I talk about
you a little bit?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah, I--
>>KAPLAN: Do you
mind if I do that?
>>REGINA: I know someone sent
you that info and you got it.
>>KAPLAN: Someone
sent me this info.
>>REGINA: A mutual
friend, a lovely woman.
>>KAPLAN: So, um, we-- we'll
talk a little bit about how one
finds out one's principles
and one's, right--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KAPLAN: One's garment weave.
But what I want
to say about yours
is that your primary gift, the
principle that we call your sun
principle, your primary reason
for taking this incarnation
is the principle of dreaming.
Now, dreaming-- all
of these principles,
I had to give words to them.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KAPLAN: But all
of the words mean
something slightly
different than they
do in our mundane vernacular.
So dreaming as a
spiritual practice
is about being able to hear
the information of the void,
being able to hear, go
into that great cosmic soup
of all potential and hear the
information that is ready to be
brought into consciousness.
That's what dreaming is.
So you are, by
nature, a dreamer.
You are, by nature, the most--
the most deeply embedded piece
of your garment is that you
can hear information out
of the void.
Now, sometimes, that
will come when you're
asleep in the form of a dream.
Sometimes, it comes in
the form of daydreams.
And sometimes, it just pops
at you in those rare moments
when fear and should's and--
and willfulness have just
fallen away for a moment.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KAPLAN: So-- so
that's what I would
say to you if you were coming
to me for any kind of advice,
you know.
I would say, you need to
learn how to really recognize
valid information when it
shows up out of the void
and learning the difference
between information
that you've read
somewhere else and saying,
oh, that person's smart, so
they must be telling the truth.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: And recognizing
valid information
that comes up from the
cosmic soup of all potential.
>>REGINA: And, again,
there's such a feeling
that's attached to that.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, of
course there is.
>>REGINA: I mean,
OK, I want to tell
a little story about the
show "Open Minds," which
is the show we're on right now.
So initially what happened was,
about four years ago or so,
before I was doing this,
I woke up one morning,
and I saw myself on
a set with people.
And I was doing a show.
And I was-- and I was, just
do a pilot for it immediately.
I thought, whoa,
whoa, whoa, I don't
need to do that right now.
It's kind of expensive to
hire a studio and all that.
But I always-- I listen.
When I get the
downloads, I listen.
So I did a little pilot.
Well, it turned out,
one of the cameras
wasn't a match with the others.
So the formatting was off.
It could never be edited.
It was just a mess
in post-production.
But I had ordered four
little mugs on it.
And I thought, hm, I've got
to call the show something.
I know, I'll call it "Open
Minds," because really that's
what it comes down to.
So I had four mugs with
"Open Minds" printed on them,
on the little set at our little
round table discussion, right.
So months later--
a few months later,
Pat-- and I kept looking at them
in the cupboard and thought,
what was that all about.
What a waste of time.
But I did it, you know.
It's not going anywhere.
But what was it about?
And then, Gaiam called.
And then, they said, once
we did this, they said,
so what would you like
to call your show.
And I said, "Open Minds."
And that's,
initially-- but for me,
a lot happens in
that crossover state.
I wake up and I know things
or hear things and I do it.
>>KAPLAN: Hm mm.
Well, I think that something
like those kinds of things
are like a demonstration
that you're willing.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>KAPLAN: You know.
>>REGINA: And that's what--
I mean, that is true.
>>KAPLAN: That's
all there is to it.
>>REGINA: You just have
to show up and say yes.
>>KAPLAN: But if you had pushed
and pushed and pushed and said,
you know, dammit,
let's do this again.
And let's, you know, I'm going
to push, and I'm going to edit,
and I'm going to,
you know, market.
And I'm going to-- then,
it would have fallen
into all kinds of willfullness.
>>REGINA: Actually, all
I needed was the mugs.
[LAUGHTER]
>>KAPLAN: Exactly.
You could have skipped
the rest of it,
saved yourself some money there.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
but I mean that--
>>KAPLAN: But no, you needed
to-- you needed to, I'm sure,
see what it was going
to look like, you know.
>>REGINA: Theoretically, yes.
But I do-- so I do.
Thank you.
I relate to that dreaming
part because everything
happens as a result of
daydreaming and crossover dream
state messages.
>>KAPLAN: For you.
>>REGINA: For me.
Now, we talked about
this off-camera.
That's not necessarily how
it happens for everybody.
>>KAPLAN: Right.
And that's one of
the great gifts
of this body of information.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KAPLAN: You begin to realize
that everyone is actually
unique because that's one of
the hardest things, it seems,
for people.
I think this way, and so if
you don't think this way,
either you're wrong or you're
trying to make me wrong.
That's the way we
live our lives.
And that's why we get into
so many arguments and wars
and whatever.
And the inability of people to
recognize unique configurations
of energy and value
them is, I mean,
that's-- don't even get
me started on politics
or economics or anything else.
But that's really what this
body of information is about,
is recognizing that
each individual
has a unique configuration
of energy and a unique fiber
fabric.
And all of them, when
expressed well, create peace.
>>REGINA: And the words
themselves are powerful,
and many of them are
very beautiful words.
And the system-- I
told you after I'd
read the book and all of this
and then chatted with you
on the phone, I
said, you know, what
I like about this
system, A, it rings true.
A lot of it rings true
personally for me.
So you know, you have something
to identify with a bit.
But it was that it
has this grace to it.
There is no making--
there is no making
you wrong in this system.
>>KAPLAN: Right.
>>REGINA: It is really
only identifying
these incredible,
as you say, traits
that you have come
to express, allowed
to be expressed through you.
And that's really kind of
what people are looking for.
How many people are
wandering around the planet,
what am I doing here?
What am I supposed
to do with my life?
What's this all about?
Well, that is really
the beauty, I think,
of what your work shows is that.
So let's talk about
the work itself now.
>>KAPLAN: All right.
All right.
So as I said, after this
experience with my father's
death, we did-- we went through
the business of his dying
and burying and
doing all of that.
And then, I went back home.
And as I said, I
started waking up
every night just about, around
3:00, 3:30 in the morning.
And I would write for a while.
And then, after a few months,
this body of information
had clarified itself.
There are 30
spiritual principles
that interweave to create the
human species, the human form.
Those 30 spiritual
principles each have
a numerological correspondence,
numbered 0 through 29.
Every sign in the
zodiac also has
a numerological correspondence,
numbered 0 through 29.
So that's how you
find your principles.
You look at your
natal chart, which is
what I've done here with yours.
This is, like, just a
typical round natal chart.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: And you
look at the degrees
of your various planets.
So your son is at 22
degrees of Scorpio.
So on the chart, 22 corresponds
to the principle of dreaming.
So we know that dreaming is
your primary principle, and et
cetera, et cetera.
You go all the way through
the 12th, the sun and the moon
and the eight planets
and the Midheaven.
And you know, there are
certain configuration
of how you look at it.
And that's how you find out
what your principles are.
Then, the information
goes a little bit deeper.
The first 10 principles,
numbered 0 through 9,
are directly
connected to nature.
They are like principles that
are coming up out of the earth,
out of nature, out of
the animal kingdom,
out of the stone
kingdom to be expressed
through the human psyche.
They're called the
ascending principles.
The top 10 principles,
number 20 through 29,
are-- we call-- what we call
the galactic principles.
They are principles
that can't even
really be described, like
love and peace and silence.
They're the very-- the highest
frequency of principles.
They are descending
to be expressed
through human, the human realm.
And then, the
middle 10 principles
are called the containing
principles, numbered 10
through 19.
And they are the principles that
are very, very human in nature,
like creativity and
intelligence and focus.
So if you were looking
at this as a tree,
the first 10 principles would
be the roots of the tree.
The middle 10 principles would
be the trunk of the tree.
And the top 10 principles
would be the leaves.
>>REGINA: Foliage.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, the light-eating
principles of the tree.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
>>KAPLAN: And they all function
together in a perfect way.
There is no conflict between
ascending and descending
principles.
They need each other, you know.
The leaves cannot eat the
light without the roots.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>KAPLAN: So that's what
the soul looks like.
That's what the human
soul looks like.
Can I go into talking
about the soul?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KAPLAN: This is another piece
of this body of information
that really asks people to
suspend your disbelief in order
to think about this.
Most of us believe that it's
a one man, one soul world.
I have a soul.
You have a soul.
He has a good soul.
She's an old soul.
That's the vocabulary
that we use.
These angels said, gotta
change that vocabulary
because that's an
inaccurate way to say it.
The soul, the
level of human soul
is one unified field
of consciousness.
It is this tree, this unified
field of consciousness
from which all of us emanate.
But it is unified.
It's not separate.
So what we're doing when we
say your soul and my soul
is that we're projecting
our sense of separation
into a realm of consciousness
that is not separate,
that is not separated,
that does not divide.
So they just ask that we use
that word as a unifying word,
rather than as a separating
and identifying word.
>>REGINA: Now, this gets
confusing for people.
>>KAPLAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because you
get into a lot of other,
you know, ancient
religious traditions
and their definitions of soul.
And we talked about this in our
conversation on the telephone
a while back.
And that has--
this system is not
to say it's not recognizing
the individuated aspect
of that soul, that we are
each uniquely expressing.
>>KAPLAN: We are each
individuations of that soul.
And in form, we're
experiencing ourselves
as separate
individuations, in form.
>>REGINA: And tell us why, tell
us the damage that they felt
was occurring on this
planet by people basically
locking into the
individuated part
and not focusing on the whole.
>>KAPLAN: Well, the whole
is, the whole species
is the experiment, see.
There are birds, and there are
tigers, and there are dogs,
and there are lots of
different species, all of which
are doing their own thing.
But this experiment,
this human experiment,
is one that we understand
as having free will.
So the experiment is, can
a species have free will
and stay in full alignment
with their highest intentions.
>>REGINA: Yeah, how
we doing so far?
>>KAPLAN: Yeah, not
doing so well so far.
That's why I think
they felt an urgency
about bringing this body
of information in now.
Now, what's interesting
is, as you said,
I published this
book 10 years ago.
So my sense of it was, OK, I'm
going to-- I'm going to-- well,
wait, I have to say,
I didn't publish
the book for a long time.
>>REGINA: Didn't you--
you took another decade,
didn't you, just to play
with it with friends
and see if there
was truth in it.
>>KAPLAN: I did over
3,000 soul readings.
I call them soul readings.
>>REGINA: 3,000, wow,
that's due diligence.
>>KAPLAN: Before I was--
before I was ready to say,
OK, this is real and
I'm going to publish it.
>>REGINA: And the
people were responding?
>>KAPLAN: Yes, people
were responding.
I mean, it was amazing.
Like, for example,
someone would come to me
and I would see
in their pattern,
that most of their principles
were ascending principles.
And so I would say to
them, you're barely human.
You're mostly a nature spirit.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: Which is kind of
a dangerous thing to say,
could be a hurtful thing to say.
But no, I would get tears.
Oh my god, I've
always known that.
I've always known that.
But I thought that was
what was wrong with me.
This is what is so interesting
about this body of information.
Often, what we find to be
true about our patterns
is what we thought
was broken about us.
And so when we read
that that is actually
what we came into this
incarnation to be,
we're liberated from
all that self-judgment.
>>REGINA: That's true,
because in your chart,
which I've seen in your
book, and in my chart,
we tend to live off of
the descending principles.
And how often do people say,
oh, yeah, that's-- she's-- pew--
she's out there.
You need to be more grounded.
That's pretty far out.
You know, she's out there.
And in reality, that's
exactly true but for purpose.
Right?
>>KAPLAN: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: What's a--
>>KAPLAN: I found
my first reading
of my chart to just be one
of the most liberating things
ever.
You know, it's like, not
only am I mostly galactic,
but there's nothing
in my chart that
indicates that I should feel
guilty because I wasn't a,
you know, bra-burning
political activist in the '60s.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: You know, and I
always felt guilty about that.
I always felt like
I should have been
out there marching and
doing and-- but I never did.
I never did it.
I just always--
>>REGINA: You had a more--
>>KAPLAN: And I
judged myself for it.
>>REGINA: Kind of more of an
aloof cosmic view of things.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and I felt
the same way, exactly.
I wasn't really one to
take to the streets.
But I was thinking
about all of it
and trying to put it
into a larger context
through the years.
>>KAPLAN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: You know?
And so think about
this for a minute.
If you-- if you eliminate
all of those reasons
that you have to judge
yourself, and if you eliminate
all of those tendencies to
think up stuff to be afraid of,
think of the amount of
energy that gets released.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: You've got all of
this energy that you've been
spending on self-judgment and
negative stuff, and then--
>>REGINA: You know, I love this.
Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: And
then, you can-- you
can start living your life
in a very different way.
>>REGINA: OK, so in truth-- in
the spirit of true confessions,
one thing I've always
felt guilty about
was very similar to what
you feel guilty about.
But it had to do during the
school years with my son.
And that was, you had your
uber-moms who were there.
And they were the ones that
volunteered for everything.
And they got awards at
the end of the year.
And, you know, there
was a lot of politics
involved in that little circle.
And I couldn't stand it.
I didn't want to go
anywhere near it.
I never volunteered.
But when it was with
the kids, I volunteered.
As long as I was isolated with
the kids, to drive them places,
take them on camping
trips, and carpool.
And it was just me
and the kids, and we
could talk about fun things
together and explore and play.
I was totally cool with that.
I just couldn't deal
with that burden
of being with the parents.
And of course, the mothers
didn't care for me.
I was that weird
"out there" mother.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah, yeah.
Those are the kinds of things
that we experience in life,
that because we-- there
are so many should's.
There are just so many should's.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So not everybody should be
volunteering all the time.
>>KAPLAN: No.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KAPLAN: I mean, it's a
great thing for the people who
should be volunteering.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KAPLAN: To volunteer.
>>REGINA: OK, now, where
are the volunteers?
Are they containment, ascending,
containment, descending,
where are the ones
who are the grounded,
earthy, they're going to come
in with a tray of cupcakes
every Friday people.
>>KAPLAN: Well, that's
a very different part
of the body of information.
This body of
information is vast.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>KAPLAN: I know this
show's only an hour,
but we could talk for
a long time about it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: You-- there
is also a consideration
in your chart about where your
principles exist in your chart.
There are four quadrants in
a circle, in a circle chart.
The first quadrant
is what we call
the psychological quadrant.
So if you have a
lot of influence,
a lot of your principles are
located in that first quadrant.
Then, your job in the world--
part of your job in the world
is sanity, maintaining a
healthy psychological beingness.
Second quadrant is the
sociological quadrant.
If you have a lot of
sociological energies,
that's where the volunteers are.
That's where the
politicians are.
That's where the actors are.
That's where the
people who are really
invested in healthy societies.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>KAPLAN: Third quadrant is
the quadrant of philosophy,
the philosophical quadrant.
So if you have a lot
of, uh, principles
in the philosophical
quadrant, you
are basically a
thinker, a philosopher,
someone who asks
the right questions.
>>REGINA: And do I have a
lot of stuff in that one?
>>KAPLAN: Yes, you do.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I bet.
That's why we said the
other day on the phone,
I said, asking the
right questions
in the right way with
the right vocabulary
is what gets the right answers.
That's why you ask
questions, because you know
how to bring answers forth.
It's back to what I was saying
earlier about your principles.
You don't ever ask
yourself, how do I use
my principle of intelligence.
The right question is how
do I get out of the way
so that intelligence can express
in this circumstance, right.
It's the same question, but
if it's asked correctly,
the answer is right there.
You just do it.
>>REGINA: You just do it.
>>KAPLAN: You just sit back.
>>REGINA: OK, so--
>>KAPLAN: And do it.
>>REGINA: What's
the fourth quadrant?
>>KAPLAN: The
spiritual quadrant.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KAPLAN: So people who
are heavily, you know,
invested in the
spiritual quadrant are
spiritual practitioners and
need to be given the freedom
to be spiritual practitioners.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about some of the words
in the ascending,
the containment,
and descending, because this
is-- in ancient traditions,
as well, the power of
words is really important.
And we have completely
run roughshod over it.
I know they add new words
to the Webster's and Oxford
dictionaries all
the time, that are
kind of right out of "Brave
New World" and "Animal Farm,"
Newspeak.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Which, that's fine.
It's just a new
means of expression,
and language should evolve.
But there are
classical words that
have power, substance,
and beauty that are seldom
used in our vocabulary anymore.
And I-- Now, I would
skew a little bit
toward the conspiratorial end
on that and say, interesting,
these words aren't the words
that are dominant any longer.
Yet while in ancient
times, for example,
in ancient Grecian times
when philosophy ruled,
these words were prominent
in the vocabulary.
Something's been lost
that's significant.
>>KAPLAN: Right.
>>REGINA: And your system
has brought them back.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, these--
all of the words
have very specific definitions,
which are slightly different.
For example, one
of the principles
that it's the ascending category
is the principle of generosity.
>>REGINA: Which, the earth
itself, that makes sense.
>>KAPLAN: Exactly.
Now, the principle
of generosity doesn't
mean you should run around
giving people stuff.
If you have the principle of
generosity in your garment,
the imperative of generosity
is the correct balance
between giving and receiving.
That's the imperative.
So people who are
generous, but don't
allow themselves to receive,
are not really generous.
They're just buying.
You know, they're
buying your friendship.
They're buying favors.
They're buying
attention or whatever.
>>REGINA: Well, there's
usually some kind of factor,
subconscious factor under there
that's causing that depletion.
>>KAPLAN: Right, so
that's one of the things
that I say to people who have
generosity in their contract
or in their pattern.
Do you get as much as you give?
And almost everybody says no.
And I say, OK, is that
a perception problem
or is that a real problem.
If it's a perception
problem, it's
because you think
you always the one
that's always taking care
of everybody and whatever.
If it's a real problem, why?
Why are you not
allowing generosity
to tell you when to express?
Why are you willfully
doling out whatever it is,
energy, time, money,
whatever, you know.
So that's what
I'm talking about.
It's not the soul
that needed to learn
the definition of generosity.
It's the personality that
needs to get out of the way
and let generosity
express through.
>>REGINA: Because that
shows up oftentimes
as sort of a super
slave syndrome.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, yes,
well, now, there's
another principle that is in
the containing definition that
is called service.
And I really get that
a lot with women who
have service in their patterns.
They're like, oh, no, I don't
want to be a servant anymore.
That's all I do is be a servant.
No, no, no, no, no, service
is not about being a doormat.
It's about recognizing
that life is a gift.
And that you are
the gift to life.
So you're not
serving other people.
You're serving life
by being alive.
It's really a very
high principle.
But, yes, because of
the way we use the word,
it does turn out to
sometimes scare people,
meaning that they think
that what I'm saying
is they are supposed
to run around just
taking care of people.
>>REGINA: Living a
life of servitude.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So I mean,
again, that's what I really
like about this is the
very specific way in which
these words are presented.
So let's talk about
a couple more words
in the ascending
patterns that are common.
And then, I want
to talk about what
happens in various
cultures, if you read people
from different cultures.
But first, a few ascending
words, a few containing words,
a few descending words.
>>KAPLAN: OK, one of
the ascending words
that scares people
to death is memory,
the principle of memory.
I can't tell you how many times,
when I say to someone, OK,
one of your main
principles is memory.
Oh, no, I have a
terrible memory.
I can't remember anything.
>>REGINA: Oh, oh, oh.
>>KAPLAN: Oh, no, I'm
really bad at memory.
This is terrible.
I'm a failure at my own--
>>REGINA: Garment.
>>KAPLAN: Beingness, yeah.
No, no, no, no, no,
memory is that moment
in the development
of the universe where
a cell remembered how to
recreate itself exactly.
That level of memory
is beyond anything
that goes on in the head brain.
>>REGINA: It's an
inherent kind of memory.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, it's
a very, very deep
and profound level of
consciousness about what life
is, about how life knows how
to reconstruct and reproduce
itself.
Memory, the principle, is
focused in the mineral kingdom.
>>REGINA: I was going to say,
an ascending principle coming
from the earth.
>>KAPLAN: It's focused
in the mineral kingdom.
In your body, it's
focused in the bones.
When anthropologists
find a bone,
they are very, very
excited because they
can tell a lot about
that being's lifetime.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: By just
one little piece
of a bone because all
of that information
was downloaded into the bones,
just like the earth downloads
her information into the stones.
So memory is another one.
>>REGINA: More kind
of DNA-related.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: OK, and another one.
Because we can't
go through all 30,
we wouldn't have time
to go through all 30.
But I want to give people a
feeling for the principles
and why these words are
with each of these three
groupings of principles.
>>KAPLAN: Right.
There's another
one, purity, it's
another ascending principle.
Now, purity to some
people means, you know--
>>REGINA: Chastity.
>>KAPLAN: Chastity.
>>REGINA: Or something.
>>KAPLAN: Right, just like
it, being really nice.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: Purity, as
a spiritual principle,
has to do with being able to
recognize original intention.
So when I say to
somebody, you have purity,
I will often say to them,
when you look at a rose,
you're looking at a flower.
But you're also
looking at roseness.
You're also looking
at flowerness.
at plantness.
You're also looking at seedness.
You know, you can
see all the way back
to the original intention,
the seed idea of something.
So when someone is, who has
purity, is in your presence,
they can overlook all
of the flaws that have
happened between original idea.
>>REGINA: And see the
essence of who you are.
>>KAPLAN: And see
the essence of it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: Whether
it's who you are--
>>REGINA: Or what it is.
>>KAPLAN: The idea or whatever.
>>REGINA: The essence.
>>KAPLAN: And these
people help clarify.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's beautiful.
>>KAPLAN: They're like the
liver of an organization, right.
They help clarify and take it
back to the original intent.
>>REGINA: That's beautiful.
>>KAPLAN: So those are
three ascending principles.
>>REGINA: Where's innocence?
>>KAPLAN: Innocence is also
an ascending principle.
>>REGINA: That's what I was
wondering because sometimes
that's a-- people in our
common vernacular align
that with purity.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, and
innocence and purity
sit right next to
each other on this.
But innocence, now, as
a spiritual principle
is the ability to be taught,
teachability, teachingness.
You know, it's like
you can always--
like a child plays
with a toy and then
you hide the toy
behind your back,
and the child thinks the toy
has completely disappeared.
And then, you bring
the toy back out,
and it's like he's never
seen the toy before, right.
Well, innocence-- people
with innocence in their chart
somewhere have that ability
to greet every circumstance
as if they'd never
been there before.
They don't live
in the been there,
done that kind of cynicism
that I live in so--
>>REGINA: I live more like that.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah, yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah, like it's new.
The downside of that is, if
something doesn't feel good,
that's it.
That's life now.
That's going to last forever.
When it's going to
pass by the next day.
>>KAPLAN: Right.
>>REGINA: And the same
thing if it's good.
So maybe I've got that
somewhere in there.
Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: Somewhere,
probably you do.
>>REGINA: Anyway, so go ahead.
So that's--
>>KAPLAN: All right.
So a couple-- let's see,
a couple of the containing
principles.
Well, one of them
is reciprocity.
So reciprocity is a
little bit like generosity
in that it has to do with that
kind of infinity sign, you
know, what comes
around goes around.
So without getting into the
blame the victim mentality,
you know, if something
bad happened to you,
it's because you deserve it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: That's not
what I'm talking about.
I'm just talking about the whole
idea of kind of pay it forward
and then it comes back to you.
And you can watch that
often more clearly
outside of yourself
than in yourself
because when you're watching
reciprocity inside yourself,
you tend to get blame me
and guilty, and you know,
I did something.
>>REGINA: But this is more
to understand, like you say,
that infinite flow of energy
in life, back and forth.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: What goes out,
eventually comes back.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, and so you have
kind of that witness ability
to watch how that-- how
that works and go, huh, wow,
that's cool, right.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>KAPLAN: Let's see, what's
another containing principle?
Well, intelligence is one of
the containing principles.
So again, most people
will say, you know--
>>REGINA: IQ.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah, it's about
your-- it's about your brain
smarts.
But the principle
of intelligence
is really about
sharing information.
It's about the distribution
of information.
It's like the central nervous
system of the cosmic body.
So intelligence takes in
information without judging it
and shares it freely.
Now, here's something
that's really interesting.
If you-- if you give the
United States of America, July
the 4th, 1776,
birthday, the sun,
the primary principle of
the United States of America
is intelligence, the
free flow of information.
And that's what almost
anybody who ever comes here
from another country will say.
There's so much
information here.
You can find out everything.
>>REGINA: Right, that's true.
>>KAPLAN: And we're in
such an interesting time
right now where we're looking
at free flow of information.
We're looking at, should
we know everything
that the government
is doing and saying.
And should we know
all of these secrets?
Is that our right?
Because that is our birthmark.
Or you know, and the difference
between the free flow
of information and
security in your own home.
And I mean, the
country is actually
having that
conversation right now.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>KAPLAN: As if we're-- as
if we're in some kind of real
interesting rebirth process.
>>REGINA: Very interesting.
OK, so let's talk about some of
the descending principles now.
>>KAPLAN: All right.
>>REGINA: Words.
>>KAPLAN: There's a descending
principle called randomness,
scares the bejesus out
of people because it
seems so wacky to say, oh,
look, your primary principle is
randomness.
Oh, no, no, no.
>>REGINA: No, I
have no bearings.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: But as a
spiritual principle,
it's defined as that ability
to consider all possibilities
and then allow the one that
needs to be expressed freedom
to come forward.
So the analogy I use
is like a kaleidoscope.
You're looking through
a kaleidoscope.
You see a pattern.
You twist it.
All of those rocks go
chinka chinka chinka.
You know it's all
the same rocks.
It strikes another pattern.
It can't possibly be
all the same rocks
because the pattern
is so different.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: But that
chinka chinka chinka part
is where you live
if randomness is
part of your-- part
of your practice, part
of your influence.
And so you have to learn how
to-- you can't be a control
freak if randomness
is a part of your--
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>KAPLAN: --of your system.
You have to be willing for all
possibilities to come through.
And I'll give you
a quick example.
A friend of mine's daughter, I
think it's her son's principle,
randomness.
Well, she had a heck of a
time deciding what college she
wanted to go to.
She-- or even what college
she wanted to apply to.
And she needed to
see all of them.
And it was one of those--
they live in California,
and now, they've
got to go to Boston.
And now, they've got to go,
you know-- it was, like,
expensive and crazy-making,
because she could not
make a choice.
But the mother knew
her principles.
And the mother knew
randomness was her principle.
And this is the
way it had to be.
>>REGINA: So she had to see
it all, considerate it all
and let it shake down.
>>KAPLAN: Right.
Now, if you didn't know
that about your child,
you might get frustrated and--
>>REGINA: Or just say,
no, we're not doing that.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah,
make up your mind.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: So this is one of
the advantages of knowing
your children's principles--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: --is being able to
create an environment that
allows them to express.
Because, you know, it
is parental structures
that make us block a lot
of our authentic selves.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>KAPLAN: All right,
so that's randomness.
>>REGINA: We already
talked about dreaming so--
>>KAPLAN: We already
talked about dreaming.
So another one is desire,
the principle of desire.
Now, if you have
desire in your pattern,
and you haven't really
learned how to let it express,
it's probably going to
show up as acquisitional.
I like this, and I want
this, and I want that.
And if I get this, my
life will be better.
If I get that job, my
Now, I've got that job so I need
to have these clothes to wear
to that job.
And then, my life
will be better.
And now, I want that
house because then,
my life will be better.
And everybody with
an ounce of sense
knows that there is
no amount of stuff
you can own that's going
to make your life better.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: It's not.
>>REGINA: But that does
afflict people, maybe more that
have a guiding
principle of desire
in their chart in
the sun, right.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, until you--
>>REGINA: If it's--
>>KAPLAN: Until,
until you finally
realize that that longing
is longing for the soul,
is longing for that deep
connection with the soul.
It's a longing to go home.
That's what makes
your life better.
So when desire really matures
and manifests through someone,
they tend to be minimalists.
>>REGINA: Hm mm.
>>KAPLAN: Because it's not
about acquisition at all.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>KAPLAN: So, yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, now,
let's talk about what
happens when you read people
from various cultures.
Do you find culturally
certain words
might be more dominant
in some countries
or some cultural
backgrounds than others?
I'm just curious about that.
>>KAPLAN: You know, that
is kind of a challenge.
And I haven't worked a lot
with non-Western cultures.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KAPLAN: You know, so when
I'm speaking with someone from
Europe--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: Or even someone
from South America,
it doesn't tend to be a problem.
Chinese people,
most Asian people,
Indian people who operate
from different astrological
systems--
>>REGINA: Yeah,
the Vedic system.
>>KAPLAN: Like the Vedic system.
>>REGINA: That doesn't
plug into this the same.
>>KAPLAN: Well, you know,
they just didn't tell me.
The angels haven't instructed
me about working with--
>>REGINA: You didn't get
downloaded the Vedic version.
OK, gotcha.
>>KAPLAN: So I don't know.
But I would say, my willful
part of myself would say,
if you're born in India,
then I would probably
do a Vedic chart on you, rather
than a Western chart on you.
>>REGINA: Right, and see--
>>KAPLAN: It kind of
matters where you're born.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: So I don't know
if I'm really qualified
to answer that question.
>>REGINA: That's OK.
That was just something
that occurred to me to ask.
>>KAPLAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: What is your primary
principle that shows itself,
that would have you
sitting here doing this
and bringing this
information through?
>>KAPLAN: My primary principle
is the principle of humility,
challenging.
>>REGINA: Let's
talk about humility.
OK.
Let's talk about it.
>>KAPLAN: You noticed I
skipped right over humility.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you did.
>>KAPLAN: Humility is one of
the descending principles.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KAPLAN: And the
definition of humility, it
sort of falls in that
service thing, you know.
Most people think of
humility as being,
like, the doormat syndrome.
You've got to be quiet.
You've got to be,
you know-- the way
the angels defined humility
is they said it is equally as
arrogant to think too
little of yourself
as it is to think
too much of yourself.
So if humility is in
your chart, your job
is to be authentic-- an
authentic knower of yourself.
That has been my job.
That is why I'm not
much of a self-promoter
because I have to
spend a lot of time
making sure I'm not
inflated or deflated.
I am only available
for my principles
to express through me when I
am in my most authentic knowing
self.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
OK, now, before we wrap it up,
you-- people can access you.
I mean, they haven't
been able to find you
because you just don't
put yourself out there.
And thank you for
coming out, by the way,
and it is beautiful work.
And they can find you
and interface with you
directly because
you actually work
on a kind of one-to-one
basis with people?
>>KAPLAN: I do, I do.
I'm teaching a few
online classes right now
with small groups of people.
For the most part,
I work one-on-one.
My website is
www.turtledreamers.com.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KAPLAN: The animal
turtle, dreamers, dot com.
And there are all kinds of
ways to get in touch with me
through that.
>>REGINA: Because
you have a workbook.
>>KAPLAN: In addition to
"The Invisible Garment"--
I can't believe I didn't bring
a copy of the book out to show
you.
>>REGINA: I have a copy of it.
I just left it in the
make-up room over there.
>>KAPLAN: I know, me, too.
>>REGINA: But that's OK.
Everybody--
>>KAPLAN: There are two
copies in the make-up room.
>>REGINA: Everybody
can see it right now.
It's not a problem.
"The Invisible Garment"
workbook is a book
that I construct for you.
So if you order a workbook, you
send me your birth information.
I construct this large--
it's about 150 pages--
workbook that is specific
to your principles
and your positions on the chart
and all of that kind of thing.
So that's one way to get more
deeply involved in the work.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KAPLAN: The workbook
has tons more information
in it than the book does.
The book was basically the
definitions of the principles.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KAPLAN: So the workbook
has tons more information.
And then, occasionally,
I will do a seminar
or teach a class where we
go through the workbook
in small groups.
And there are other
people, who've
studied with me for a real long
time around the country, who
do also teach classes.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
you can certainly
see the value in
knowing this, especially
among the people that
are closest to you,
so you can understand
each other better.
And the thing-- the
thing of beauty in this
is there's no
making anyone wrong.
>>KAPLAN: Oh, right.
>>REGINA: These are all useful,
positive, inspirational,
uplifting traits of
humanity that each of us
possess in our own spectrum.
>>KAPLAN: Yes, you're
absolutely right.
And it is so helpful, like
I gave you the example
of the mother and the daughter.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KAPLAN: It's also
helpful between spouses.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KAPLAN: Because
spouses often tend
to try to make each other
wrong, just because they do.
>>REGINA: They think.
>>KAPLAN: You know.
>>REGINA: Tried that.
>>KAPLAN: You know, so if your
husband's-- if your husband's
mental body is in randomness
and yours is in focus,
the two of you think
very differently.
And so if you don't
understand that, you can--
>>REGINA: It may be a good
idea to get a chart done
before you get married, huh.
OK.
Connie, thank you so
much for your time.
>>KAPLAN: Oh, my pleasure.
>>REGINA: And thank you for
coming out of the closet
and sharing this after
being quiet for so long.
It's very beautiful.
>>KAPLAN: Thank you.
>>REGINA: To learn more
about your invisible garment,
you can go to Connie's
website at turtledreamers.com.
And the workbook we
just talked about,
that will guide you through
your own garment pattern.
You can also pick up
her original work,
"The Invisible
Garment," at amazon.com
and through her website.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[THEME MUSIC]